good evening madonna - 30
the countdown is started in 30 minutes
ie when this newspaper will be
finished madonna will show up on
the huge scene of the park of seals in front
hundred thousand manic mado who have cracked
for the rijole for the modest
sum of 150 francs musical event of
the year and success assured for this
american who finds paris after
have swayed the teenagers of the
whole world on rhythms that make
now part of the culture of our
madonna time to -29 live in this
newspaper
jean jacques dufour yes and since
the early afternoon of the hundreds
thousands of people invaded the
park of seals drawn by ours
obviously it is not noticed anymore
a lot that the seal park has been
drawn by ours this is the first
time surely that in France a concert
brings together so many people
madonna's audience is young and everything to
the time we did a little
micro-sidewalk to try to know
the motivations of his fans
you will see the motivations are
extremely diverse
if you come from where lee the 12th you
dress like madonna
yeah why because I like it
has competent people
sir world actually i hope alain
we are not going to really see sexism
of hell do not listen to him so much
laragnais like that of the mouth well
on stage I confessed I know she
becomes contracts on stage a show to
the roman miss chico
will perform 16 songs will exchange 16
times of costumes 1
by chance we are then more than you
you do not have the chance to be here at
park of seals we took an extract from a
of his clips and we will give it to you in
preview 28 minutes before the
madonna concert
and
years